Families, if you don’t listen to this anger, why don’t you eat it?
All you need to know is that I am no longer the one who moved around,
You have been here for so many years.
You Mituo'er didn't think about it, live in Shangzi,
I think you are too cold. so
I'll take you to a good place to get fucked
own housing bureau
Why should I bring this kind of skateboard invitation with a Diwang?
That one is a bitch
Don't tell me who weighs gold, let me go with you
You don't have to go
You all went to me
Why can't you go?
You don't dislike me
Can't get to the sea?
A wasteful place like ours
Not worthy of your beater
From now on we are best
If you dig it out and borrow money, you can come later
You just exist here. Don’t worry.
From now on it will be yours too